Add documentation for Infrequent Access storage for R2 (#14805)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/buckets/object-lifecycles.md

# Object lifecycles

Object lifecycles determine the retention period of objects uploaded to your bucket and allow you to specify when objects should transition from Standard storage to Infrequent Access storage.

For example, you can create an object lifecycle rule to delete objects after 90 days, or you can set a rule to transition objects to Infrequent Access storage after 30 days.

## Behavior

- Objects will typically be removed from a bucket within 24 hours of the `x-amz-expiration` value.
- When a lifecycle policy is applied that deletes objects, newly uploaded objects' `x-amz-expiration` value immediately reflects the expiration based on the new rules, but existing objects may experience a delay. Most objects will be transitioned within 24 hours but may take longer depending on the number of objects in the bucket. While objects are being migrated, you may see old applied rules from the previous policy.
- An object is no longer billable once it has been deleted.
- Buckets have a default lifecycle policy to expire multipart uploads seven days after initiation.

> - When an object is transitioned from Standard storage to Infrequent Access storage a [Class A operation](/r2/pricing/#class-a-operations) is incurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When an object is transitioned from Standard storage to Infrequent Access storage, a [Class A operation](/r2/pricing/#class-a-operations) is incurred.
```

## Delete a bucket's lifecycle policy

### Dashboard

1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **R2**.
2. Locate and select your bucket from the list.
3. From the bucket page, select **Settings**.
4. Under **Object lifecycle rules**, select the rules you'd like to delete.
5. When you are done, select **Delete rule(s)**.

### S3 API

```js

> import S3 from "aws-sdk/clients/s3.js";

Reviewer 2: Do we want to add a storage tier transition in the example with the s3 client? Something along the lines of adding a rule to the current array of lifecycle rules:
```
{
  ID: 'Transition Objects To Infrequent Access',
  Status: 'Enabled',
  Transitions: [
    {
      Days: 30,
      StorageClass: 'STANDARD_IA',
    },
  ],
}
```

## Delete a bucket's lifecycle policy

### Dashboard

1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **R2**.
2. Locate and select your bucket from the list.
3. From the bucket page, select **Settings**.

> 4. Under **Object lifecycle rules**, select the rules you'd like to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under **Object lifecycle rules**, select the rules you would like to delete.
```
